---
Purchased: false
Fragments Needed: 4
Boon:
  - Choice
Attribute: Social
---
- Lights, Camera, Action: This life is a stage, and you are its main character. Everyone can be read. Everyone wants to be around you, wants to be you. Stay glamorous. You gain the ability to perform two actions per turn, +2 SCL, and increase your max HP by 10. Additionally, you can automatically tell whether someone is lying to you, though only if you’re speaking to them in person.
    
- Do Not Yield: The battle is not yet over, yet the soldiers around you grow weak. Show them that rest is not yet earned, that there is still so much to be done. Lead them forward. You may invoke this Perk once per Escapade. Target up to 4 ally creatures whose current HP is half of their max HP and make a rousing speech. Afterwards, roll a d20 + your MNT modifier, and divide the result by 4. The targeted creatures receive that number of temporary HP, and until the end of your turn, are able to apply the same number to their attack damage rolls (no matter what damage type).
    
- Mercy: The cruelty of this world wears on those in it. If someone were to reach out a helping hand, would that change the course of things? There is only one way to know. You may invoke this Perk once per Escapade. Roll a SCL Check against a hostile enemy. If successful, you will gain some insight on the enemy and some of the struggles they’ve had to go through, based on your interactions with them so far and any other information you’ve gathered. Afterwards, you are given the opportunity to talk the enemy down by empathizing with their struggles. The effort has to be genuine and come from the heart. Depending on your speech, the character being spoken to, and several other factors, the enemy may lay down their weapons entirely and abstain from the fight. They may also only be slightly moved by your words, and will now fight with a little less fervor. Not everything can be solved with kind words, but that shouldn’t stop you from trying. Additionally, gain +1 SCL.