---
Purchased: false
Fragments Needed: 4
Boon:
  - Choice
Attribute: Agility
---
- Quicksilver: Your body’s capability to move quickly across the battlefield is almost superhuman. They won’t see you coming. You gain the ability to perform two actions per turn, +2 to your AGL, and gain a permanent +10 max HP increase.
    
- Strength in Shadow: Your uncanny ability to blend with your environment inspires your allies to do the same. When you take the Dodge action, choose up to 2 allies from any Team. These allies are now affected by the Dodge condition for free. This effect lasts either until your next turn, or until the Dodge condition is affected by an attack.
    
- Gunslinger’s Deadeye: When it’s time to draw, the world stops around you, and everything falls silent as you get ready to pull the trigger. This town ain’t big enough for the two of you. You can invoke this Perk once per Escapade. When you do, you forgo your action and enter a Channel state. For each full Team that takes their turn after you, gain a d8 damage die. The Channel state ends after 6 Teams have taken their turns. If the full Channel was complete, roll 6d8 damage against the target creature. You can choose whether to disperse the damage to one single creature, or multiple, however you’d like. Every time you’re attacked, you have to roll a MNT Save to keep your Channel. If you fail the Save, the Channel ends prematurely, and you only gain the amount of die based on however many Teams have gone after you. This Perk is only usable with ranged weapons.