---
Purchased: false
Fragments Needed: 4
Boon:
  - Choice
Attribute: Mental
---
- Power Overwhelming: The power in your veins is practically begging to be let out, and so you shall obey its commands. You gain the ability to perform two actions per round, gain +2 to MNT, and increase your HP by 10.
    
- Borrowed Time: Though your allies have fallen, it is not their time just yet. Manipulate the very threads of destiny and push them through the final stretch, just a little longer now. You may invoke this perk once per Escapade. Choose up to 5 allied creatures who have been fully killed. When you use this Perk, the chosen creatures are returned from the dead for a short period of time. They gain 15 HP and their STR score returns to normal. Once the Escapade ends, the affected creatures perish once again. If the caster of this Perk dies, the affected creatures die as well.
    
- Corrective Action: Your mind’s capabilities are able to manifest in ways you never thought were possible, and those among you follow your guidance. Everything is as clear as ever. This is the way forward. Once per round, you may choose to target any Ally dice roll and reroll it, using your MNT stats as the new baseline for the roll. For example: if someone is rolling to attack with a melee weapon, which uses STR modifiers, under your guidance it now uses your MNT modifier. The same applies for Ability Checks; if someone is using their AGL to perform an athletic feat, under your guidance the roll will now use your MNT modifier.